They have struggled since last year to make their services paid. 
They are both grown up in the rural area and dislike the urban life
These have also been found to contribute to the death of many marine animals.
The whole point of the project was to look at the norm not the exception.
The theme of the issue was the estimation of ...... problem.
The reconciliation is important, the basic underlying issue that I think must be addressed.
The qualification will be assessed by using a conference criterion to approach.
The meeting has some struggle overlaps
The key difference between courses is the kind of assessment
The glimpse of something is an enormously rewarding experience.
The excursion for children is very much open to debate.
The earth's atmosphere (is mostly composed of) nitrogen and oxygen.
The campus tour will help you to get familiar with the teaching facilities.
The campus tour will help you to get familiar with the teaching facilities
The aerial photograph were promptly registered for federal evaluations.
That brief outline takes us to the beginning of the 20th century.
Textile manufacturer plays a large role in improving economies
Synopsis contains the most important information.
Submitting your group assignment must be issued punctually by one of your group members.
Statistic results should be described in different ways depending on circumstances.
Something detail based underline issue must be addressed first
Some people regarded this as eye wash whereas some people ask for the status of   their complaints and actions taken.
Scientific beneficiary to space exploration is frequently questioned.
Peer group pressure has a great effect on young people
Participants are initially selected from a range of foundation subjects.
Packaging is very important to attract intentioned buyers.
No more than four people are allowed in the lab.
No more than four people are allowed in the lab to something.
Medical researchers have focused on the different treatments and disease. 
Many toxins originated from plants or animals
Many birds migrated to the warmer areas for winter.
Listening is the key skill to succeed to this course.
It is really a comprehensive program that covers both theory and practice
It is hard to observe the reaction of the character.
If you seek for further extension, contact your faculty for more information;
I thought we would meet in the small meeting room.
Human being compete with other things for resources and space.
Government reforms have been proposed at all levels.
Freshwater creatures did not appear in the paintings until the modern period.
Evaluation form will be received by university personnel
Economic problems cause a rise in unemployment.
Early streams of economic in Roman Republic will be examined.
Daily practice can build confidence and improve skills
Consumer confidence has a direct impact on sales
Climate change is a fierce phenomenon concentrated by scientists.
Celebrity theory is still the great source of controversy.
Celebrity is still the great source of controversy.
Celebrated theory is still a subject to a great controversy.
Celebrated theory is still a subject of controversy.
Below the heating controls in the middle is a small round plastic button.
Behind the garage, there is a flat car drawn by mules.
And in that regard, as well as in other regards, it stands as an important contribution.
An aerial photograph was promptly registered for federal evaluations
Academic problems cause a rise on unemployment.
Academic problems cause a rise in employment.
A very basic feature of computing is counting and calculating.
A very basic definition of computing is counting and calculating.
A party is thrown in small meeting room.
While something is desirable, underline issue must be addressed.
The sociology department is highly regarded.
The scientists now study a wide variety of atmospheric processes.
Animals raised in captivity behave differently with their wild counterparts.
Organizational failure is considered in various perspectives in academic literature.
The author's previous works are more philosophical and less experimental.
The new technician dropped the microscope in the biology lab.
The morning's lecture on economic policy has been cancelled.
The same issues featured both the explanations of the problem.
To gain full marks, an appropriate bibliography is required.
The evaluation form will be received by university personnel.
Teaching assistants will receive a monthly stipend for housing.
The solar energy department is highly regarded worldwide.
A party is thrown in the small meeting room.
Climate change is a fierce phenomenon concentrated by scientists
Remember, the gifts purchased by children should have a striped character.
Remember, the prestigious selection has strict eligibility criteria.
Some people regarded it as care, while others regarded it as recklessness.
Rising sales figures means a rise in demand.
Affordable housing is an important issue for all members of society.
Agenda item should be submitted by the end of the day.
An ancient text may hold secrets which were lost centuries ago.
Attracting skilled workers to the city with expensive housing is hard.
Before completing the exercise, you need to read the remaining chapters.
Books for children often contain many bits of illustration.
Companies want to protect their brand from negative comments.
Mutually exclusive events are neither complementary nor opposing.
Article numbers are collected through interesting experiments.
The effect of advertising is open to much debate.
The advertisement for children is open to much debate.
Organizational failure is considered in various perspectives in academic literature.
Organization plays an important role in academic literature.
The theme of the instrumental work exhibits more of a demure, compositional style.
A recent article shows a number of interesting experiments.
Water taps on the campus will discourage the frequent use of plastic bottles.
The report contains the most important information.
The island is located at the north end of the bay.
Americans have progressively/technically found the growth in quantitative terms.
Students were instructed to submit their assignments by Friday.
It is absolutely vital to allocate your resources.
Please make sure you correctly cite all the necessary materials.
Please make sure you have collected all the necessary materials.
Let me know if anybody struggles in the lab.
The software companies design and create new products.
The findings of researchers are focused on the causes of diseases and treatments.
The commissioner will collect fines for the sovereignty.
Identity theft happens to thousands of people every year.
Public perception about biotechnology is crucial for developing scientific consensus.
We need to hand in the essay by next week.
Control systems in manufacturing require a high level of accuracy.
The coffee house menu featured coffee, sandwiches and toast.
The morning’s lecture on economic policy has been cancelled.
The following economic lectures will be cancelled.
Laws protect consumer rights and help to avoid market problems.
The results of the experiment are reported in the table below.
Most critics agreed with the new theory, but a few disagreed.
Writing an essay is easy once the research is finished.
The key findings seemed to contradict our initial hypothesis.
It is hard to anticipate all their actions.
Most of the features are part of the previous system.
Your thesis must have fairly limited scope.
Your task is to create the demand for the product.
Your summary should be as clear and concise as possible.
You should include these two pictures in your assignment.
You should contact all tutors by email.
You should allocate your time wisely when revising.
You must submit your assignments by next Friday at the latest.
You must submit your assignment by next Friday at the latest.
You come with me and the others stay here.
You can find a lot more information on university website.
You can contact all your tutors by email.
You are required to submit your assignment by Friday.
You are required to complete your research paper by next Monday.
Why has the project been held up for so long?
When workers ask for raising wages, the companies raise prices.
When workers ask for an increase in wages, the company raises its prices.
When meet high potential risks, companies will raise their price.
We support to do research in the field of archaeology such as forecasting and estimation.
We support the research on problems related to tropical cyclone dynamics and forecasting.
We support the research on problems of tropical cyclone dynamics, diagnosis and forecasting.
We can't consider the price at this stage.
University departments should carefully monitor articles and publications by faculty.
Undergraduate students may participate in specific stages within the program.
Please work with each other to build monolithic statues.
Tribes work with each other to build monolithic statues.
Today’s lecture material will be included in the next assessment.
To achieve full marks, an appropriate bibliography is required.
Those events are not yet fully understood.
This schedule allows a lot of time for independent study.
This paper challenged the previously accepted theories.
This slide shows there is a minimum growth.
This graph shows there is a minimum growth.
Thief happens to a thousand people every day.
They were struggling last year to make their service pay.
There will be a conference next summer on using the web for academic research.
There were not enough evidences to support the recommendations.
There was no correlation between drug used and cure rates.
There was not enough evidence to support these recommendations.
There is not enough evidence to support this recommendation.
There is a need for constructive dialogue between leaders.
The university offer will help you locate housing and transportation.
The university library has most of necessary books.
The university has a world-renowned school of archaeology.
The undergraduates need some specific resources to analyze a specific problem.
The toughest problem of research for postgraduate students is funding.
The toughest part of research for postgraduate student is funding.
The toughest part of public transport is funding.
The time of the math lecture has been changed to ten thirty.
The theory has a great control of controversy.
The theme of the work requires demure compensational style.
The technician left the new microscope in biology lab.
The students have options to live in residences or apartments.
The spot of lecture on economic policy has been cancelled.
The sociology department is highly regarded worldwide.
The scientists use the web to explore the problems.
The scientists now study a wide variety of atmosphere processes.
The schedule allows plenty of time for independent study.
The schedule allows a lot of time for independent study.
The same problems reached both same explanations.
The same issue reached the same explanation of the problem.
The same approach reached to the same explanation of the problem.
The result of the experiment reported in the table below.
The relevant resources are reserved in the library.
The relative humidity is the amount of moisture that the air can hold.
The qualification will be assessed with criterion to approach.
The problem of postgraduate students is funding.
The new product failed due to a lack of demand.
The nearest automatic teller is in front of the anatomy labs.
The most important process of farming is weeding.
The module of the work is more of a compositional style.
The massive accumulation of data is converted to a communicable argument.
The main concepts of these events were not yet fully understood.
The main concepts in this thesis were not new.
The leading companies have changed their policies after the reports were released.
The key finding seemed to contradict our initial hypothesis.
The importance of this event was not yet fully understood.
The history of movement is recorded by several writers.
The guy is qualified to lead the groups into the mountain.
The following economic policy lecture has been cancelled.
The first assignment is due on 14th of September.
The final year will consist of four taught courses and one project.
The essay will be published once the research is finished.
The economic books are at the back on the left.
The early work is more philosophical rather than experimental.
The early work is more experimental.
The dining hall will undergo renovation during the fall break.
The dining hall will be under renovation during the fall break.
The decision was made with the support by several faculty members.
The decision is made with support of many faculty members.
The curriculum is described in course syllabus.
The company needs to polish its image.
The coffee house has a special student discount throughout the week.
The cause and effect of problem.
The cart carries a single object.
The campus tour runs daily during summer for prospective students.
The coffee house features sandwiches, salads, soup, chicken, and fish.
The book was supported by many faculty members.
The author’s previous works are more theoretical and less experimental.
The application process is longer than expected.
That we won’t have any struggle in the lab.
Teaching assistants will receive monthly fees for housing.
Teaching assistants will receive a monthly remuneration for housing.
Sydney is Australia's largest city, chief port and cultural center.
Successful applicants will work with a large team of researchers.
Student's identification card will be issued by Monday or tomorrow.
Students have the options to live in college residencies or apartments.
Student concession cards need to be obtained by completing an application form.
Some of the features are part of previous research.
Scientists here are doing/studying a wide variety of atmospheric processes.
Sales figures last year are better than expected.
Review all materials before drawing your conclusions.
Resources of materials are on hold on the library reference desk.
Resources and materials are on hold on the library reference desk.
Remember students have strictly ability criteria.
Relevant resources are reserved in the library.
Reference of materials is held in the hall of library reference desk.
Presidential elections are held every four years.
Politics is usually not a safe topic for conversation.
Politics is not usual a safe topic of conversation.
Try to work with each other to build monolith statues.
Please work with each other to build monolithic statues.
Please remember to bring a highlighter to class on next Tuesday.
Please note that the college laboratory will be closed for cleaning next week.
Our professors are hosting a business conference.
Our professor is hosting the economic development conference next week.
Our group is going to meet tomorrow in the library conference room.
Our class will be divided into three groups.
Our class is divided into two groups.
Observers waited nervously and hold the breath for the concert.
Observers waited nervously and held the breath for the concert.
Nurses specialize in clinical work and management.
Newspapers are supported primarily by the sale of advertising space.
Neurons are principally involved in chemical processes.
Most theories were quite similar but a few critics disagree.
Most of the theories were similar, but a few critics disagreed.
Materials and resources are on hold at library's front desk.
Leading company changed their policies after their reports were released.
Law is beneficial to investors by protecting their rights and avoiding any improper actions in the market.
It is vital that you acknowledge all your sources.
It is strictly required to submit the assignment by Friday.
It is important to allocate your time wisely when revising.
It is hard to anticipate all the characters that were in react.
It is absolutely vital that you acknowledge all your sources.
It helps to take notes to concentration on what please do.
Interim results will be posted on the board outside the student lounge.
Inflation affects the demand, pricing and consumption of most products.
If you are not sure, phone student services for help.
If it helps your concentrate, take note, do it. 
If it helps to take notes in order to concentrate, please do so.
I thought we would meet in the small meeting room.
Higher numbers of patients were infected than during previous outbreaks of the illness.
Heavy rain will fully across the city next week.
Heavy rain will fall through the country next week.
He was not the only one to call for a legal reform in the sixteenth century.
He started his tutorial presentation right on time.
The campus tour runs daily during summer for prospective students.
Experts believe that industry development will help economy.
Everyone must evacuate the premises during the fire drill.
Everyone in this room need to follow the rules.
Evaluation paper will be reviewed by the University personnel.
Essay is easy once research is finished.
Elections of president take place once every four years.
Eight groups need to submit the outlines of their projects to their tutors.
Education level is related to the economic background.
Despite the protest, the chemistry department was closed down.
Conferences ought to be scheduled two weeks in advance.
Competition for the places in course is fierce.
Climate change is being acknowledged by many scientists.
Climate change is becoming acceptable among a group of scientists.
Caged the camera to see the fish.
Behind the garage is a secret storage room.
Before submitting your assignment, your advisor should approve it.
Before submitting your assignment, your advisor must approve your application.
Avoid confusing causes and effects of those changes.
Avoid confusing causes of those changes.
Assignments will be submitted in the department before deadline.
Assignments should be submitted to the department before deadline.
Artists are other than politicians played their own roles of cultural critics.
Animals raised in captivity behave differently from their wild counterparts
Animals behave differently from their wild counterparts.
All writers are consciously or unconsciously representing their own culture.
All staff must leave from the fire hydrant exit.
All of your assignment should be due by tomorrow.
A person's education level is closely related to their economic background.
A number of students have some volunteer jobs.
A group meeting will be held tomorrow in the library conference room.
There is not enough evidence to support these recommendations. 
Hundreds of scientific papers have been published on global warming
Politics is not usually a safe topic of conversation.  
Student concession cards need to be obtained by completing an application form
This paper challenged the previously accepted theories.   
Your task is to create demand for the product.   
We support doing research in the field of archaeology such as forecasting and  estimation.  
Caged cameras are used to see the fish.   
Experts believe that industry development will help the economy 
Essential textbooks can be purchased from the campus bookshop
The period was a golden age of English literature
Elections for president take place once every four years. 
The slide shows there is a minimum growth. 
The new theory takes all the latest research results into account
There are new innovations in the field of digital architecture.
Course work and exams will form part of the annual assessment.
You can request library books by using the electronic catalogue.
Popular culture is now a serious subject of academic inquiry.
Agenda items should be submitted by the end of the day.
The course has been updated to reflect the current situation.
It is important to allocate your time wisely when revising. 
The dining hall will be under renovation during the fall break. 
Avoid confusing the cause and effect of those changes. 
The importance of this event is not fully understood 
Weather patterns have changed significantly over the past two hundred years.
Most theories are quite similar, but a few critics disagree. 
The history of the movement was recorded by several writers.  
There is no correlation between drug use and cure rates. 
Some young people find city life rather stressful.
Reference of materials are held on the library reference desk. 
You should draw your graph on a separate page.
The first assignment is due on the 14th of September.
Assignments should be submitted to the department before the deadline, interim grades will be posted outside of the student lounge. 
Please work with each other to build monolithic status. 
You must submit your assignment by next Friday at the latest. 
The time of the math lecture has been changed to ten thirty.
Final year business students have to write a five-thousand-word essay on market trends. 
Interim grades will be posted on the board outside of the student lounge. 
Our group is going to meet tomorrow in the library conference room. 
The campus tour runs daily during the summer for prospective students. 
Review all materials before drawing your conclusion. 
The most important process of farming is weeding. 
Teaching assistants will receive monthly fees for housing. 
The solar energy department is highly regarded worldwide. 
The curriculum is described in the course syllabus. 
The main concepts in these events were not new 
The main concepts of these events were not yet fully understood. 
This schedule allows a lot of time for independent study. 
Career opportunities in this field are quite limited.
Reference of material is held in the hall of library reference desk. 
Conferences ought to be scheduled two weeks in advance. 
We support the research on problems of tropical dynamics and forecasting. 
They reached the same explanation of the problem. 
Relevant resources are reserved in the library. 
Avoid confusing causes of those changes.
The problem of research for post graduate students is funding.
Some of the features are part of previous research. 
Today’s lecture material will be included in the next assessment. 
The university department should carefully monitor articles and publications by faculty members. 
Competition for places in the course is fierce. 
This graph shows there is a minimum growth.
Please remember to bring a highlighter to class next Wednesday. 
Leading companies have changed their policies after reports were released.
It is important to allocate your time wisely when revising. 
The qualification will be assessed with the criterion to approach. 
Student’s identification cards will be issued by today or tomorrow. 
All writers, consciously or unconsciously, represent their own culture. 
The coffee house has (a) special student discount throughout the week. 
Your thesis should have a fairly limited scope. 
You are required to complete the research paper by next Monday
The university library has most of the necessary books. 